Improved the questions. Removed ambiguous ones. Added Google Form Template. (#3)
ddd-crew/ddd-familiarity-assessment: README.md

Instead, we expect to help organizations identify DDD knowledge gaps and use the results to prepare learnings, training, or similar to fill those gaps.

:information: You can copy the [Google Form Template here](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/2/folders/1O14fE_xjzfWA1qQVb50JPLga_H9EDtXf)

## Familiarity Assessment Survey

- How do you assess yourself on DDD? (choose one)
  - ( ) Never used
  - ( ) I'm familiar with the concepts
  - ( ) I used some of the concepts in the company
  - ( ) Expert. Used in several scenarios, failed and learned from the mistakes, and being able to teach others.

- How do you assess yourself on the Strategic Design of DDD? (choose one)

>   - ( ) Never used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - ( ) I don't know what do you mean
```

- Which Strategic Patterns are you familiar with? (Multiple choices)
  - [ ] Bounded Contexts
  - [ ] Ubiquitous Language

>   - [ ] Core Domain and SubDomains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] Core Domain and Subdomains
```

- What's the main goal of an Event Storming? (Open text)

- How does Event Storming relate to Strategic Design and Tactical Design? (Open text)

### Tactical Design

- Why Hexagonal Architecture is so popular within DDD? (Open text)

> - Is Layered Architecture compatible with DDD? (Open text)

Reviewer: My first reaction was "Is it?" I am not sure what the intention behind the questions is, I find it very hard to answer them.

Author: Thanks for the question @yellowbrickc ❤️ 

I would say most of the questions, if not all, don't have an answer that are 100% right. They all are about the grays. The intentions of the questions are to see the reflections people have regarding this topics.

Because it's a familiarty assessment, and who does the survey is also biased towards some answers. I suggest people to focus more on how people think about a topic.

Are they too rigit or too superficial? This might be a hint to dig deeper on those topics so that during a training for example people can open their mind to new ways of understanding the topics.

Does it make sense?

I'm thinking on adding this to the repository as well.

Reviewer: Agree on all, there isn't a black-or-white answer to these questions (yet). My "Is it?" was mostly referring to the sentence "Why Hex. Arch. is so popular within DDD?", sorry for the confusion. I think both are good questions for the survey 👍 I just would try to leave them open instead of suggesting the answer. This is why I've asked for the intention. 
I could imagine something like

```suggestion
- Would you apply Hexagonal Architecture and DDD together. Why (or why not)?  (Open text)
- Would you apply Layered Architecture together. Why (or why not)? (Open text)
- Would you rather use some other Architecture style? Why? (Open text) 
```

Author: I Agree! 😄 I applied your suggestions :D

  - [ ] Event Sourcing
  - [ ] Other... (Open text)

- When have you used a Domain Service? (Open text)

> - When have you used a Domain Event? (Open text)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What is a Domain Event, what is its role, main characteristics? (Open text)
```

> - When have you used Event Sourcing? (Open text)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In which scenarios do you use Event Sourcing? In which don't? (Open text)
```
